you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature
hey it's walkie penny chef I know kind
looks like a strange angle but you get
to see how this really works
from this perspective see their feet and
their above their heads in the world
there and then down by the flowers well
this is a wind-up TV and it doesn't have
an on and off which is kind of nice and
I didn't even know who made this one
because there's no information on it at
all don't know anything about it but
with toys like this I think they're just
fun to see and learn what they do so
we've had other kinds of windup toys
like this with the scrolling screen
let's turn it back on let me see if I
can just zoom into that and then let it
play a little walk is just something
cool about watching
alright I'll show you a little bit more
later what I want to know is maybe we
can do some fact-finding down there that
you have this as a kid and you know who
made it where it's from and what it's
all about the handle is fixed there's
absolutely zero printed on the back in
the front or the side so how about down
there in the comments did you have this
as a kid was just one of your favorite
toys I'd like to know now will
communicate about it and let me know so
I'm gonna finish up the video and just
let this play out because that's the
cool thing about it just watching it and
listening to the music so there you go
that's it for me thanks for watching
remember there's always a playlist in
our channel if you want to see more toys
like this check it out there we go get a
weird glare there that's it oh don't
stop how you were doing great there
that's better
alright enjoy and thanks for watching
later
if you want to find this item click the
link in the description area below the
video you can also watch more videos in
this series by clicking here thanks for
watching and always remember if you see
a Lucky Penny
pick it up